# JS Project Mode

We're going to build a JavaScript project! This will be a fun learning experience and a chance to get better at your vanilla JS before we start looking at frameworks. 

As you come up with a project idea, keep in mind that you won't have a front-end framework to support you. You will have to develop the structure of the application yourself. This will likely make building out each feature more challenging, but you guys are awesome and can do it. Remember to build iteratively and begin with a clear picture of MVP.

**The setup instructions for this project live [here](https://github.com/learn-co-curriculum/js-project-week-setup). Please see that guide before starting on your project.**

### Requirements

1. Must be a HTML/CSS/JS front-end with a Rails API backend. These should live in two separate repositories. All interactions between the client and the server should be handled asynchronously (Ajax).
2. Must render out a resource with at least one has-many relationship (that's two resources total) in the JSON.For example, if we were building Instagram, we might display a list of photos with associated comments. Both resources should be editable.
3. Must use your Rails API and a form generated by the client to create a resource and render the response without a page refresh. For example, if you create a new Photo post, and form data would be serialized, and submitted via an AJAX POST request, with the response being the new object in JSON and then appending that new photo to the DOM using JavaScript (ES6 Template Literals, can help out a lot with this).
4. **You may not use authentication or authorization. This means no user log in**. We'll look at patterns for dealing with client-side auth later in the semester, so you'll have plenty of time to deal with this case. 
5. Prepare a video demo (narration helps!) describing how a user would interact with your working project.
    * The video should:
      - Have an overview of your project.(2 minutes max)
6. Prepare a presentation to follow your video.(3 minutes max)
    * Your presentation should:
      - Describe something you struggled to build, and show us how you ultimately implemented it in your code.
      - Discuss 3 things you learned in the process of working on this project.
      - Address, if anything, what you would change or add to what you have today?
      - Present any code you would like to highlight.   
